Email Docs (#205)
flowforge/flowforge: docs/install/configuration.md

`email.smtp.auth.user` | Username to authenticate the connection with. Default: `unset`
`email.smtp.auth.pass` | Password to authenticate the connection with. Default: `unset`
`email.debug`   | If set to true, it will log the full content of emails it tries to send. Default: `false`

> See [here](./email_providers.md) For example config for common email providers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [here](./email_providers.md) for example configuration with common email providers.
```
